vmagent: resolve the issue where usePromCompatibleNaming is not working (#6776)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/CHANGELOG.md

* BUGFIX: [stream aggregation](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/stream-aggregation/): correctly apply `-streamAggr.dropInputLabels` when global stream deduplication is enabled without `-streamAggr.config`. Previously, `-remoteWrite.streamAggr.dropInputLabels` was used instead.
* BUGFIX: [stream aggregation](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/stream-aggregation/): fix command-line flag `-remoteWrite.streamAggr.ignoreFirstIntervals` to accept multiple values and be applied per each corresponding `-remoteWrite.url`. Previously, this flag only could have been used globally for all URLs.
* BUGFIX: [graphite](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#graphite-render-api-usage): respect `-search.denyPartialResponse` cmd-line flag and `deny_partial_response` query GET param when serving requests via Graphite API. Before, partial responses were always denied. Thanks to @penguinlav for the [pull request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/6748).

> * BUGFIX: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent/): Fix `-usePromCompatibleNaming` sometimes does not work in vmagent [pull request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/6776).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent/): account for `-usePromCompatibleNaming` cmd-line flag during when pushing data to remote storages. Thanks to @12345XXX  for the [pull request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/6776).
```
